oh hello there this is another one
remember the last one was called 925
this is 92 52 is it going to be pardone
hola textures
whole lot less enemies oh look Hey oh
look no double-barreled shotgun budge
hey you come on stand by this barrel for
a sec thanks but see they never splat
any more stupid game
I don't know if I can even be bothered
with this one it's the same it just
looks nicer
sure I'm in the back of the noggin how
there you are my beauty whatever you
the chain gonna blow up the barrel he
did not heed my advice go away
what is this
that's a good question xylo person why
not give the words better names
go ask that to the people who made them
they're the ones who gave him these
weird names I mean flat I've even got
the blue key who the hell made this lame
I mean it's all right what a weird whoa
as you can tell there's a teleporter
that doesn't work oh this map just gets
better and better
don't be a chain gonna oh you are
boing boing
00 what's in here Oh a window
aah Boing Boing
just keep going till you die don't pick
up any help oh oh I need a blue tea for
this one jump out of the window this is
their lack of mold makes me enjoy this a
bit more but not much
I look
someone shooting me from afar ahaha what
stay away what a stay away Yeah right
whatever bad texturing yes yes oh well
as we all know graphics don't matter now
throw in the million oh I'm lost see
thing is lost is just an awesome series
hey what no not that kind of lost I know
I'm back back in town for a repeat of
what we experienced last time I remember
this room in other words
ha ha
whole thing minute huh
hungry